Durable Objects: cross-link Location hints (#9262)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/learning/using-durable-objects.md

### Object location

> A Durable Object is typically instantiated close to where the initial [`.get`](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#obtaining-an-object-stub) is made. This may not be in the datacenter the user is connected to, but in most cases it will be in close proximity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Durable Object is typically instantiated close to where the initial [`get()`](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#obtaining-an-object-stub) is made. This may not be in the datacenter the user is connected to, but in most cases, it will be in close proximity.
```

> You can also provide an explicit [location hint](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#providing-a-location-hint) and provide a preferred location when first creating the Durable Object. This can be useful in cases where objects are created programatically prior to user-interaction, or where the first client request is not representative of where the majority of requests to the object will come from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also provide an explicit [location hint](/workers/runtime-apis/durable-objects/#providing-a-location-hint) and submit a preferred location when first creating the Durable Object. This can be useful in cases where objects are created programmatically prior to user-interaction, or where the first client request is not representative of where the majority of requests to the object will come from.
```
